(Is this Incheon International Airport?)
(And is she JinSoul?)
'Where are you going?'
(LOOΠΔ TV prequel goes back to February 20th, 2017)
I'm on my way to catch my flight
(JinSoul has boarded the flight to HongKong)
(Eating airplane food)
(and arrived HongKong!)
Finally I've arrived at HongKong!
I feel really
GOOD!
Because
The airplane food I had was very delicous!
(Aftermath of the delicous meal : Feeling much better)
(It's time to meet LOOΠΔ 1/3!)
I've been waiting for so long!
(The viewpoint of LOOΠΔ 1/3)
HaSeul: Yay! JinSoul~!!
(The viewpoint of JinSoul)
JinSoul: Hurry up!!
(JinSoul runs and hugs HyunJin as if they 're meeting after years!)
Hello. I'm LOOΠΔ's sixth member JinSoul
(Up until this point, they though JinSoul would be the sixth member of LOOΠΔ)
HaSeul: I can't believe we already have sixth member!!